Lady Tamayo?!
Good evening, Tamayo.
It is dangerous to leave
a window open at night.
But still, the moon is beautiful tonight.
It is a pleasure to meet you.
I am the messenger of Kagaya Ubuyashiki.
You are suspicious of me.
It is understandable.
As expected, it is difficult for me
to gain your trust as Tanjiro did.
What are his intentions?
Is Ubuyashiki trying to deceive me?
Where is Yushiro?
There is no need to worry about Yushiro.
Listen, you can hear
his footsteps running.
Lady Tamayo! Lady Tamayo!
Lady Tamayo!
Now...
I shall tell you my business.
In the Demon Slayer Corps,
there is also a kid who is knowledgeable
about demon body and pharmacology.
We would like you to look into Nezuko's
transformation together with her.
In order to defeat Muzan Kibutsuji,
would you work with us?
We invite you to the Ubuyashiki residence.
I, a demon, am invited to the
Demon Slayer Corps headquarters?
I look forward to hearing
good news from you.
Lady Tamayo!
Lady Tamayo...
Yushiro.
Let's get out of here quickly.
The preparations are ready.
No need.
Now that Nezuko has overcome the sun,
something big has begun to stir.
No, maybe it was already
in motion before that.
The event of that day has finally
culminated unto this day.
And perhaps...
Lady Tamayo, could it be...
It's true that we're moving out
of this place.
But now, it's different from
what we've done.
I'll quickly summarize
the research results so far.
I need your help, Yushiro.
This might be the last time we move.
Let's go to the Demon Slayer
Corps headquarters.
To the Ubuyashiki residence.
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
The reason why it sounded like an excuse
A weakness that draws in a fleeting future
You mistake it for strength
So detestable, so detestable
So disgraceful, so disgraceful
The heart that is so bleak
So dark, so dark
That it almost hides the moon
If only you weren't here
It sways and sways
Carrying on its intentions
just like a flower
Taking it all away, taking it all away
It tears the heart just like a storm would
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
Who awaits there
(Episode 2: The Sorrows of
the Water Hashira, Giyu Tomioka)
Master Ubuyashiki...
Tanjiro, how are your injuries?
How unfortunate.
Now I'm unable to move.
Actually, I want to have
a chat with Giyu,
but I can't.
Because now is an important time,
we must unite together and do our best.
Would you please talk to Giyu?
I hope you will talk to Giyu patiently,
who always ends up alone,
so that he can look forward.
Giyu...
All right!
Huh?
Where are you going this early, Tanjiro?
Aoi.
To take the Hashira Training,
by any chance?
Before that, there's someone
I have to meet.
If so, that would be okay.
Aoi!
Yes? What is it?
If you don't mind,
I have a question for you.
Sure.
Let's say, there's someone
who is always alone.
How to convey to this person
that he is not alone?
Well, I don't really know myself.
Let me ask this first, you want to
cheer that person up, right?
If it's me, I'd like to be left alone.
Are you going now?
Uh, yes.
Please wait a minute.
Is it only one person you want to meet?
Yes.
This is difficult.
I've prepared simple onigiris.
It's for you and for the person
you want to meet.
No matter what,
you have to eat properly first,
so that you can keep
your mind and body healthy.
Aoi, thank you!
I'm going!
Excuse me!
Tomioka!
Hello!
Pardon me!
Giyu! It's me!
Are you inside?
It's me, Tanjiro Kamado!
Hello!
I'm coming in!
Coming in?
No. It must be he's leaving.
I must have misheard.
That's the story, and everyone's
already taking the training.
I know.
Oh, you knew? Good.
So close.
I'll be allowed to return to active
in seven days.
Can I join your training?
No.
Why not?
You smell a bit angry.
What are you angry about?
I'm angry that you didn't
master Water Breathing.
You were supposed to be
the Water Hashira.
I'm sorry about that.
But I have talked to Mr. Urokodaki.
He said it isn't unusual to change the breathing
style or to create a new breathing derivation.
Especially Water Breathing,
its techniques are close to basics,
so many derivatives
were created from it.
That's not what I meant.
Since there's currently no Water Hashira,
someone must become the
Water Hashira as soon as possible.
There's no Water Hashira?
You're the one, aren't you?
I'm not the Water Hashira.
Leave.
"I hope you will talk to Giyu patiently."
All right!
Giyu!
I have onigiris.
Wanna eat it together?
They say you'll become calmer
when you're full.
I'll put it here.
Giyu, you're back.
So you ate the onigiris?
I'm glad.
Giyu!
Giyu! Are you on a mission, Giyu?
Are you on a mission, Giyu?
Is it patrolling?
It seems the demons haven't
appeared that much recently.
No demons here.
That's good.
Come on, train me.
Giyu! Will you hold a training session?
Please!
Everyone's waiting! Giyu!
Giyu.
Giyu!
Giyu...
(Lavatory)
Giyu!
Will this continue for the rest
of my life?
Will he stop haunting me
if I talk to him?
To be truth,
I didn't pass the Final Selection.
Wasn't Final Selection a test at the
mountain with wisteria flowers?
That's right.
That year, there was a boy whose family
was killed by demons, just like me.
His name was Sabito.
I took the selection together with him,
a boy with peach-colored hair.
Sabito and Giyu...
We were 13 years old.
We quickly became friends because
we were the same age and were alone.
Sabito was a kind boy who
had a strong sense of justice.
The only one who died in the
selection that year was Sabito.
He almost defeated all the demons
on that mountain single-handedly.
But everyone passed except him.
I was injured and dazed by
the first demon that attacked me.
Even then, Sabito saved me.
Water Breathing, Fourth Form:
Striking Tide.
Sabito entrusted me to another boy and
went towards the voice calling for help.
The next thing I knew,
the selection was over.
Somehow I survived seven days
and passed the selection.
Can you really say that someone who
hadn't defeated a single demon
and had only been saved
actually "passed"?
I'm not worthy of becoming
the Water Hashira.
In the first place,
I can't stand shoulder to shoulder with
the other Hashiras on equal terms.
I'm different from them.
Properly speaking, I have no place
in the Demon Slayer Corps.
Ask another Hashira to train you.
That would be best.
The mark won't appear on me.
Although Sabito might have.
Don't bother with me.
You're just wasting your time.
I'm sure Giyu wishes that
he himself should've died.
I know how painful it is to have
someone you care about die before you,
and you wish they had lived
instead of you.
Especially if they died protecting you.
It feels like being torn apart.
Sabito was the boy who
trained me on Mount Sagiri.
It was a mysterious experience.
They were supposedly already dead,
but they helped me.
I see.
Sabito took the Final Selection
together with Giyu.
If he were still alive,
he would be the same age as Giyu.
That's incredible, really.
He saved everyone at the Final Selection.
I couldn't do that.
I was too busy defending myself.
If he had lived, he would definitely
have been a great swordsman.
It must be another reason why Giyu
thinks he should have died instead.
I know it very well.
Because I thought the same thing.
Rengoku was...
...an incredible person who
protected us at the cost of his life.
He was kinder and stronger
than anyone else.
It was a splendid way of his life.
Until the end he was amazing.
I thought it might've been better
if I'd died instead of Rengoku.
Because I believe that Rengoku might've
been able to defeat Muzan someday.
However...
He said he believed in you,
so just think about how you're
going to measure up to that!
Yeah. That's right.
That's it.
But what should I say to Giyu?
No matter how pathetic
or humiliated you feel,
you still have to go on living.
Even though he doesn't admit it,
Giyu must have beaten himself up and
trained so hard until became a Hashira,
and how much pain he has gone through.
I don't have the right to criticize because
I don't know anything about him, but...
But there's one thing I must ask
no matter what.
Gi... Giyu.
He won't stop.
Giyu...
Don't you want to carry on what
Sabito entrusted you?
Sa... Sabito?
Don't you ever say that you wish
you had died again!
If you do, we're done.
I stop being your friend.
Your sister was going to
get married the next day,
but she chose to hide and protect you from
a demon although she knew the risk.
You're her brother, no one else!
Don't disrespect her death!
You have to stay alive.
For your sister who sacrificed
her life to save yours
and to give you a future,
you have to carry on,
Giyu.
That hurt.
Suddenly I remember clearly the
shock and pain caused by his slap.
Why did I forget...
...that exchange with Sabito?
Isn't that something important?
I didn't want to remember it.
Because my tears would never stop.
If I remember it,
I would become so sad
that I couldn't do anything.
Tsutako...
Sabito...
I'm sorry I'm so immature.
This is bad.
Now he's not moving at all.
What should I do?
Did I say something bad?
Giyu already seemed pretty depressed.
Did I add salt to injury?
I know! Maybe we could have
an eating contest.
Maybe if I win, he has to cheer
himself up and train me.
I can't ask for sparring because I don't
have permission to return to active.
Since Giyu is a quiet type, we don't
need to talk during an eating contest.
What a great idea!
Tanjiro, sorry for the late response.
I will participate—
Giyu, wanna have a soba eating contest?
But why?
So, about the training,
I haven't heard anything from Kocho.
Have you heard anything from her?
From Shinobu, huh?
Neither I have.
I wonder what is the training.
Calm down. It's all right.
Sis, help me to calm down.
Only immatures can't control
their emotions.
Only immatures...
Master, you're back.
I will be going to take
the Wind Hashira's training.
I see.
Can I take your training after
I take Stone Hashira's training?
I will not be able to participate in
the Hashira Training this time.
But... But why?
Kanao, come here.
Okay.
Um... Well...
I want to train with you more, Master.
Now you're getting better at expressing
what's in your mind, Kanao.
It's a good sign.
I think now is the right time.
I will tell you about the demon
who killed my sister Kanae.
And I shall tell you how to kill
that demon.
The flame that burns heaven
Truer than the truth
The voice of prayers and
the sounds of shouting
Are fleeting like winged insects
Why do those who devour lives
Beg mercy as if not knowing impurity
Those souls that win through
the darkness can only reach
Obtain that eternity
There's a feeling here that
doesn't know demise
Speak your dream, you strong one
A resound congratulating
tune of eternity
Into the light that governs the sky
In the corner of the world that is messy
A blade of a sword that
still wriggles and resists
Grovels and struggles miserably
This time I'll tell you about Giyu.
I won't eat more soba.
Yeah, me too. I'm already full.
And here is the Taisho period secret.
It's about Giyu's haori.
As you can see,
half of it is a memento of Sabito.
And half of it is a memento of his sister
Tsutako, who was killed by a demon.
Giyu is a compassionate person,
after all.
Tanjiro, do you want to eat
simmered salmon with daikon?
Are you sure?
No eating contest this time.
I'm glad to accompany you!
But before that!
Next up on Episode 3:
"Tanjiro is Fully Recovered and
Taking the Hashira Training!"
(To be continued)